##Appendix D: Glossary<dl>	<dt id="active-tab">Active Tab or Window</dt>	<dd>The tab or window which has focus and accepts user interaction. This is usually the front most tab or window.</dd>	<dt id="alert-debugging">Alert Debugging</dt>	<dd>The act of debugging by using JavaScript alert dialogs to output debugging messages.</dd>	<dt id="application-toolbar">Application Toolbar</dt>	<dd>The top level toolbar in <a href="http://www.opera.com/dragonfly/">Opera Dragonfly</a>. This is where the tools that make up Opera Dragonfly are selected, and the windowing controls are located.</dd>	<dt id="chrome">Chrome</dt>	<dd>The user interface of an application.</dd>	<dt id="command-line">Command Line</dt>	<dd>A command line is a text only interface for entering commands using the keyboard. Opera Dragonfly uses a REPL command line, found in <a href="/dragonfly/documentation/console/">the Console</a>.</dd>	<dt id="console">Console HUD</dt>	<dd>The <a href="/dragonfly/documentation/console/">Console</a> Heads Up Display is an overlay on top of Opera Dragonfly that provides command line functionality. It supports the Firebug Command Line and Console APIs and Bash-like shortcuts.</dd>	<dt id="context-menu">Context Menu</dt>	<dd>A contextual menu which lists actions that can be performed on the associated element or control. This is often activated by the right mouse button, but this can vary depending on hardware, platform or user configuration.</dd>	<dt id="css">CSS</dt>	<dd><a href="http://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/">Cascading Style Sheets is a styling and layout language for the Web. It is standardized by the <a href="http://www.w3.org/">W3C</a>.</dd>	<dt id="debugging">Debugging</dt>	<dd>A process to find and remove bugs in a computer program to make it perform as expected.</dd>	<dt id="debugging-context">Debugging Context</dt>	<dd>The context which Opera Dragonfly is attached to. This can be a web page (e.g. a tab or window), an <a href="#opera-extension">Opera Extension</a>, <a href="#opera-widgets">Opera Widget</a>, Opera Unite application or another technology based on web technologies supported by Opera.</dd>	<dt id="debugging-context-selector">Debugging Context Selector</dt>	<dd>A UI control for selecting the <a href="#debugging-context">debugging context</a> in Opera Dragonfly. It contains a list of the open debugging contexts, along with an option to select the currently active tab or window, and to reload the debugging context.</dd>	<dt id="detached-mode">Detached Mode</dt>	<dd>The UI mode for Opera Dragonfly when it is show as a separate window from the browser window.</dd>	<dt id="docked-mode">Docked Mode</dt>	<dd>The UI mode for Opera Dragonfly when it is attached to the bottom of the browser window.</dd>	<dt id="document-selector">Document Selector</dt>	<dd>A UI control for selecting the HTML or XML document in the Documents panel, or the <a href="#javaScript">JavaScript</a> script in the <a href="#scripts">Scripts</a> panel. The selected document or script will be shown in the code view below the document selector.</dd> 	<dt id="dom">DOM</dt>	<dd>The Document Object Model is a cross-language API for representing and interacting with HTML and XML documents. It is standardized by the <a href="http://www.w3.org/">W3C</a>.</dd>	<dt id="dom-inspector">DOM Inspector</dt>	<dd>The <a href="/dragonfly/documentation/dom/">DOM Inspector</a> is a tool for viewing and manipulating the <a href="#dom">DOM</a> representation of an HTML or XML document. It works in co-operation with the <a href="#style-inspector">Style Inspector</a>. In Opera Dragonfly this is located in the Documents panel.</dd>	<dt id="editing-mode">Editing Mode</dt>	<dd>The mode for editing content. Opera Dragonfly has two editing modes: single-line and multi-line editing.</dd>		<dt id="errors">Errors</dt>	<dd>The errors, warnings and information messages outputted when parsing the various types of resources that make up the debugging context, or that are produced via the Console API. Errors and warnings produced by Opera are parsing issues rather than validation issues. It will include valid declarations that are not supported by <a href="#opera-presto">Opera Presto</a>, and will exclude non-standard declarations that are supported by Opera Presto.</dd>	<dt id="eval">Eval</dt>	<dd>A <a href="#javaScript">JavaScript</a> expression that has been evaluated with the <code>eval()</code> function.</dd>	<dt id="filter-query">Filter Query</dt>	<dd>The term that is used to <a href="#filtering">filter</a> a panel’s contents.</dd>	<dt id="filtering">Filtering</dt>	<dd>The act of hiding items in the UI that do not match the <a href="#filter-query">filter query</a>.</dd>	<dt id="global-feature">Global Feature</dt>	<dd>A feature that is available throughout the application, independent of the active panel. The <a href="/dragonfly/documentation/console/">Console</a>, <a href="/dragonfly/documentation/remote/">Remote Debugging</a> and Settings are global in Opera Dragonfly.</dd>	<dt id="html5-apis">HTML5 APIs</dt>	<dd>JavaScript Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) defined in, or originating from the <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/html5/spec.html">HTML5 specification</a>. These APIs are aimed at supplying the functionality required by web applications.</dd>	<dt id="initial-style">Initial Style</dt>	<dd>The default style of a <a href="#css">CSS</a> property, which has been set by the user agent. A property still uses its initial style if it has no rules that match and adjust the property value.</dd>	<dt id="inline-script">Inline Script</dt>	<dd>A scripts that is defined in the <code>script</code> element of a HTML or XML document.</dd>	<dt id="javaScript">JavaScript</dt>	<dd>The lingua franca scripting language of the Web. The language was standardized as <a href="http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-262.htm">ECMAScript</a> by <a href="http://www.ecma-international.org/">ECMA</a>, but it is still most commonly referred to as JavaScript.</dd>	<dt id="javaScript-debugger">JavaScript Debugger</dt>	<dd>A tool for debugging JavaScript. In Opera Dragonfly this is located in the <a href="/dragonfly/documentation/debugger/">Scripts</a> panel.</dd>	<dt id="local-device">Local Device</dt>	<dd>The computer on which Opera Dragonfly is running.</dd>	<dt id="main-panel">Main Panel</dt>	<dd>A sub-panel that is takes up the main portion of the parent panel. Some panels such as the Network Panel only contain a main panel, while some like the Scripts panel contain a main panel and a side panel.</dd>	<dt id="menu-bar">Menu Bar</dt>	<dd>A horizontal list of drop down menus which contain application specific actions such as copy and past or saving files. On Mac this is displayed at the top of the screen, while on Windows and Linux it is often displayed between the title bar and toolbar of an application window. Opera replaces this by default with the Opera Menu on Windows and Linux.</dd>	<dt id="multline-editing">Multi-Line Editing Mode</dt>	<dd>An editing mode where multiple lines can be edited at a time. The <kbd>Enter</kbd> key adds a new line. The <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Enter</kbd> (<kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>Enter</kbd>) keys submits the edit.</dd>	<dt id="open-web">Open Web Platform</dt>	<dd>An application and web site development platform based on open, royalty free technologies such as HTML, <a href="#css">CSS</a>, <a href="#javaScript">ECMAScript</a> and <a href="#svg">SVG</a>.</dd>	<dt id="opera-browser">Opera Browser</dt>	<dd>A desktop web browser produced by <a href="http://www.opera.com/">Opera Software ASA</a>. It runs on the Windows, Mac and Linux operating systems.</dd>	<dt id="dragonfly">Opera Dragonfly</dt>	<dd>A development and debugging tool for <a href="#opera-presto">Opera Presto</a> based browsers.</dd>	<dt id="opera-extension">Opera Extension</dt>	<dd>An application built using web technologies to extend the capabilities of the Opera browser.</dd>	<dt id="opera-menu">Opera Menu</dt>	<dd>The button at the top left (using the default Opera skin and layout) of the Opera browser window on Windows and Linux. This button and associated menu replaces the traditional menu bar.</dd>	<dt id="opera-mobile">Opera Mobile</dt>	<dd>A mobile web browser produced by <a href="http://www.opera.com/">Opera Software ASA</a>. It runs on a number of smart phone operating systems including Android, Symbian, and Windows Mobile.</dd>	<dt id="opera-presto">Opera Presto</dt>	<dd>The rendering engine that powers Opera’s range of web browsers, and products based on the Opera Devices SDK.</dd>	<dt id="opera-widgets">Opera Widgets</dt>	<dd>An application runtime based on <a href="#open-web">Open Web technologies</a>, and using the Opera Presto rendering engine.</dd>	<dt id="panel">Panel</dt>	<dd>A UI container in Opera Dragonfly that contains the UI for a tool or major function. Opera Dragonfly is split into a number of top level panels. A panel can be split into a number of <a href="#sub-panel">sub-panels</a>.</dd>	<dt id="parent-document">Parent Document</dt>	<dd>The HTML or XML document which resources such as <a href="#scripts">scripts</a> are linked from or defined within.</dd>  	<dt id="properties">Properties</dt>	<dd>In <a href="#css">CSS</a> a property is a declaration to define a style. Examples include <code>font-family</code>, or <code>border-radius</code>.</dd>	<dd>In <a href="#javaScript">JavaScript</a> and the DOM a property is a variable, object or method/function. Examples include <code>length</code>, <code>Document</code>, or <code>getComputedStyle</code>.</dd>	<dt id="remote-device">Remote Device</dt>	<dd>A device other than the one where Opera Dragonfly is running. Examples include another computer, a mobile phone or a TV. Opera Dragonfly can connect to a remote device running Scope using the remote debugging functionality.</dd> 	<dt id="requesttime">Request Time</dt>	<dd>The duration in between the load of an URI and when an HTTP request is started for this URI .</dd>	<dt id="resources">Resources</dt>	<dd>The files that make up the <a href="#debugging-context">debugging context</a>. This includes files such as JavaScript files, HTML documents, images, fonts, videos, etc.</dd>	<dt id="responsetime">Response Time</dt>	<dd>The duration in between the start of an HTTP request and the completion of this HTTP request for a defined URI.</dd>	<dt id="right-click">Right Click</dt>	<dd>The act of clicking the right mouse button to perform an action. This usually activates the <a href="#context-menu">context menu</a>. The right click action may be replaced with another action depending on hardware, platform or operation system. The Mac often uses <kbd>Control</kbd>+click for example.</dd>	<dt id="scripts">Scripts</dt>	<dd>The JavaScript files associated with the debugging context. These include external scripts, inline scripts (via the <code>script</code> element), evaled scripts and injected scripts.</dd>	<dt id="search-bar">Search Bar</dt>	<dd>A modal toolbar which contains the UI controls to search the associated panel.</dd>	<dt id="side-panel">Side Panel</dt>	<dd>A sub-panel that is located to the side of the main sub-panel. In Opera Dragonfly the side panels are typically located to the right hand side of the main sub-panel.</dd>	<dt id="singleline-editing">Single-Line Editing Mode</dt>	<dd>An editing mode where one line is edited at a time. The <kbd>Enter</kbd> key submits the edit.</dd>	<dt id="specification">Specification</dt>	<dd>The document that defines a standard or recommendation. Opera Dragonfly links to the specification for various features such as <a href="#css">CSS</a> and DOM properties.	<dt id="style-inspector">Style Inspector</dt>	<dd>The Style Inspector is a tool for viewing and manipulating CSS styles applied to a HTML or XML document. It works in co-operation with the <a href="#dom-inspector">DOM Inspector</a>. In Opera Dragonfly this is located in the Styles sub-panel of the Documents panel.</dd>	<dt id="sub-panel">Sub-panel</dt>	<dd>A UI container which is a child of a parent panel. A sub-panel contains the UI for a function or collection of related functions, which makes up a section of the UI for the parent panel. Sub-panels are represented as tabs under their parent panel.</dd>		<dt id="svg">SVG</dt>	<dd>Scalable Vector Graphics is a vector-based graphics format for delivery on the Web. It includes the ability to provide animations and interactivity, as well as static graphics. It is defined by the <a href="http://www.w3.org/">W3C</a>.</dd>	<dt id="tab">Tab</dt>	<dd>A UI container represented as a tab, which usually contains a web page. Multiple tabs can be contained in one window.</dd>	<dt id="toolbar">Toolbar</dt>	<dd>A UI container displayed as a horizontal bar, which contains UI controls. Opera Dragonfly contains a main application toolbar, toolbars bound to a sub-panel or section, and contextual modal toolbars, such as for search.</dd>	<dt id="totalduration">Total Duration</dt>	<dd>The total duration is the difference between the completion time of an HTTP request and the initial load for a defined URI.</dd>	<dt id="web-storage">Web Storage</dt>	<dd>An <a href="#html5-apis">HTML5 API</a> for storing data using key value pairs.</dd>	<dt id="window">Window</dt>	<dd>A UI container which contains the browser chrome and one or more tabs containing web pages.</dd>	<dt id="windowing-controls">Windowing controls</dt>	<dd>The controls for interacting with the Opera Dragonfly window. These include closing the window, <a href="#detached-mode">detaching it</a> from, and <a href="#docked-mode">docking it</a> to the Opera window, and selecting which <a href="#debugging-context">debugging context</a> to which Opera Dragonfly attaches.</dd></dl>